1.    The landing page (Main Page) 

a.     Login feature.                                                                                                            

b.    List film (Basic information only).                                                                           

c.     App header and footer designed by you (any information provided by the tutor will not be marked).  

d.    Each film is available with a link to a detail page (Film detail).                          

e.     All detailed information available from the API must be displayed here (deduct 50% if the ObjectID is displayed on the screen).                                                                                                                       

f.      If the film poster is not available in the database (or failed to retrieve from the Internet), replace by a default image.

2.    Add Film Page 

a.     Only staff can access this page; a routing link should be available after login.        

b.    A textbox is available for staff to input the film name. The film's detailed information will be loaded once the search button is clicked through the designated API endpoint.                                                 

c.     The film information should be available for staff editing (Film name and poster cannot be changed). 

d.    A cancel button is available to return to the film list page, and a save button submits all data to the designated API endpoint to save the film information to the database.                                                      

3.    Other Features

a.     The API will return a token each time for each login. You should store the token and send the token for each authorization feature.                                                                                                                       

b.    A good design with a well-structured CSS or styled-components design.               

c.     Well-structured React Native project structure (views, components, navigation…).

d.    A video demonstration is required, which should not exceed 3 minutes.                 

4.    Bonus Features (Total: 30 Marks)

a.     Logout feature (update database is NOT required).                                           

b.    No hard-coded data.                                                                                               

c.     Paging list view for the film list.                                                                             

d.    Filtering the list based on months.                                                                        

e.     Staff account password change page.                                                                   

f. The current date/time information is displayed somewhere on the landing page.  

